My Identity
You know nothing.
Okay, Chufan
Stop pretending here
The reason why Mr. Wang and Mr. Zhou of Xingyue let you advance
I just don't want to make a big deal out of it.
They're just talking
Get rid of the beggar
You really think it's your own ability
Really consider yourself
What kind of character are you?
Study eldest brother-in-law
People follow the teacher on Saturday
Has become a Chinese music scene
The judges of the top ten hits
How about you?
Hahaha Xiaorong
My sister told you when you got married
Don't squeeze cats and dogs into the house
I picked up such a piece of trash and came back with a thunderclap.
Uncle, haven't you seen it yet?
This kid doesn't even respect you now
Let the whole family meet
I don't know.
Who do you really think he is?
Xiaorong, I didn't mean you.
You have been kind-hearted since you were a child
Stray dogs on the roadside should be picked up and raised at home
What a pity!
Picked up an ungrateful white-eyed wolf
Not only do you not know how to repay your kindness, but you bite back
Inattention to one's own career
Okay, I believe in Xiaofan
He is by no means such a person
Don't say it
Come have a drink with dad
Wait a minute.